Godfather ipsum dolor sit amet. Te salut, Don Corleone. Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in. Michael, you never told me you knew Johnny Fontane! Vito, how do you like my little angel? Isn't she beautiful? This one time, this one time I'll let you ask me about my affairs.

What's wrong with being a lawyer? That's my family Kay, that's not me. Leave the gun. Take the cannoli. You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me?

It's not personal. It's business. Mr Corleone is Johnny Fontane's godfather. Now Italians regard that as a very close, a very sacred religious relationship. Is that why you slapped my brother around in public? We're both part of the same hypocrisy, senator, but never think it applies to my family.

You can act like a man! I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. When they come... they come at what you love. Friends and money - oil and water. Do me this favor. I won't forget it. Ask your friends in the neighborhood about me. They'll tell you I know how to return a favor.

Never let anyone know what you are thinking. Why do you hurt me, Michael? I've always been loyal to you. Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever. Don Corleone, I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your home on the wedding day of your daughter. And may their first child be a masculine child. Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgment.

I see you took the name of the town. What was your father's name? The hotel, the casino. The Corleone Family wants to buy you out. If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone. I am sorry. What happened to your father was business. I have much respect for your father. But your father, his thinking is old-fashioned. You must understand why I had to do that. Now let's work through where we go from here. I'm your older brother, Mike, and I was stepped over!

What's the matter with you? Is this what you've become, a Hollywood finocchio who cries like a woman? "Oh, what do I do? What do I do?" What is that nonsense? Ridiculous! Don't you know that I would use all of my power to prevent something like that from happening? I don't trust a doctor who can hardly speak English. What's the matter with you, huh? What am I going to do? Am I going to make that baby an orphan before he's born?